This is bomb 9 for lab comp40spring15.

It is owned by the following student(s):
Benjamin Tanen (benjamin.tanen@tufts.edu)
Rebecca Larson (rebecca.larson@tufts.edu)

Description of Phases:
----------------------
Phase 1 - This phase compares the input string to a predefined string. In this
example, the string was "Elementary, my dear Watson." If the strings are not 
equal, the bomb explodes.

Phase 2 - This phase reads in a string of 6 numbers and puts them in an array.
It then checks that the 1st and 4th, 2nd and 5th, and 3rd and 6th elements are 
equal. If they are not, the bomb explodes.

Phase 3 - This phase reads in a string of two numbers. It makes sure the first 
number is less than or equal 5 (if it is greater, the bomb explodes). Then it
it sets a comparison value based on the first number. It then makes sure the
comparison value and the second number from the input are equal. If they are
not, the bomb explodes.

Phase 4 - This phase reads in a string of one number which describes a power. 
It then calculates the value of 7^(power) (using func4()) and checks if it is 
equal to 49. If it is not, the bomb explodes.

Phase 5 - This phase reads in a string of one number that is 6 digits long. 
The phase uses each of the 6 digits as an index for a predefined global array. 
The value that is returned from the array is then added to a running sum. If 
the value of the running sum after all 6 digits are used is not 57, the bomb 
explodes.  

Phase 6 - This phase sorts a linked list of 10 nodes in descending order based
on the values that each node holds (this is done in fun6()). It then compares
the value of the 7th node (in order) with the value that is passed in to 
phase_6. If the two values are not equal, the bomb explodes.

Secret Phase - This phase takes in a single number (as a string) and checks if
the value exists in a pre-existing binary search tree. It calls the function
fun7() to search the tree. If the value doesn't exist, it explodes the bomb.

All work / code written for defusal done by Rebecca Larson and Ben Tanen. The
complete defusal (including secret phase) took 17 hours.


