COMP-105, uScheme Assignment
Benjamin Tanen
10/06/2015

I did some collaboration work with Jake Watton, Becky Cutler, and Nathan
Majumder. We discussed approaches for a few of the questions, namely part D
and #31 from Ramsey.

I solved all of the problems defined the in homework assignment (other than 
#1 from Ramsey, since it was said to be extra credit). These problems include
#2 (all parts), #6, #15, and #31 from Ramsey and A - F from the online assignment.

### Dimension Discussion ###
Form: I believe my form is quite good. It is clear as to what is happening so
      that anyone reading it can do so quickly and easily. I follow the offside
      rule and I make good use of vertical blank space. I do not put all of my
      ending parenthesis on the last line for personal taste reasons but this
      was determined to be okay. For this, I think my form is Exemplary.
Documentation: I believe that my documentation is certainly sufficient for
               anyone reading my code. I properly explain the contract and 
               functionality of each function above it and I add additional
               comments within the functions for more complex code. I think I
               am in that sweet spot of not too much comments and not too little.
               Thus I believe my documentation of Exemplary.
Naming: I believe that my naming scheme makes sense and is clear. For most of
        the functions, I stuck to the naming scheme used by the assignment
        (using xs, ys, etc). When there was more openness as to what to name
        the variables and functions, I think I named my variables simply, most
        of the time as single letters indicating what the thing is (pair p,
        list l, etc). For functions, every function used the name given or it
        is a verb or noun function describing what it does / what it returns.
        Thus I think my naming meets Exemplary.
Structure: Due to a combination of my naming, documentation, and form, I
           believe that the structure of my code is quite clear and what is
           happening in my functions is obvious with a quick read. It also
           meets the other specified conditions (using #t and #f, little case
           analysis, etc) so I believe my structure is Exemplary.
Cost: By the definition of the cost, I check if a list is empty in constant
      time using 'null?'. I am also able to check if a list is a list (or an
      atom) in constant time using 'atom?'. Thus I think this meets Exemplary.
Correctness: To the best of my knowledge, my functions pass all testing that
             I have thus devised. That includes a few tricky test cases which
             makes me feel good about my correctness. However, I could see
             potentially how my code might fail a few stringent test cases
             so I believe my correctness is Satisfactory.

In total, I spent around 18-hours for this assignment.
